
Lost in the world

Overwhelmed with work but enjoying life to the fullest :)

I have some huge head pains because I was just on a date, and we were in the guy's room, and it was getting a little heated, and he pick me up, and I go down to do a backbend so he can do some fun things, and he drops me-- my head slams HARD into his bedpost, and I lay there crippled for like a minute. It was bad, and now I'm in bed with ice cream thinking about life. 

I can't believe I did this

I just want to squat 500lbs

Content. And that's really scary. I don't feel like I deserve to be happy. All my art and drive comes from a place of sadness, and I'm afraid without that I can't do anything of worth.
"I'm currently debating seeing a mental health professional. I feel anxiety and melancholy and have for years, but not to the point where I fail to function. 


I see most if not all anecdotes of depression depict it as a kind of catastrophic, desperate ennui, and my encounter with (tentatively diagnosed) bipolar in a loved one certainly provided a stark realization of the depths one's mind can sink. 
And in comparison to all of that, I can't help but think maybe my personality just isn't wired for any kind of overt happiness, that there isn't any kind of aberration of brain chemistry at work. Maybe the best I can really achieve is a kind of resigned contentment, given that my baseline mood is somber. Am I okay with that?"

Really stressed out, feel like life is moving way too fast. I hate how the pressures of the future are keeping me from enjoying the now. The worst part is, I know what I'm doing wrong - stressing too much, but it's difficult to snap out of it.

feeeelsbad

Inspired

Like sunshine on a rainy day bursting through the dingy gray clouds to bring life and warmth to the fogotten green plants reminding them that they are loved. You are my sunshine.

I'm feeling relatively on top of the things that I have to and want to do right now.

Kind of okay. Just came out of a CAPS session. What happens if you've racked up a ton of successes in life but when you actually feel numb about everything that's going on? Big tech companies offer you internships and whatnot but you don't get excited anymore really. You keep setting lofty goals for yourself and you reach them which is great but the happy feeling is fleeting and last for something like an hour or a week at most. What happens when this bubble of everything is too good to be true breaks?

Hype

Feelin some melons 

Vague

"Like a plastic bag, drifting through the wind, wanting to start again.
So paper thin, like a house of cards, one blow from caving in.
Already buried six feet under- screams but no one seems to hear a thing."

"Gray days like this confirm my belief that I'd kill myself in a heartbeat if I didn't think it would hurt anyone other than me. 
I hate how cold winter is...
I'm thankful it's almost the weekend. "

Tired. So so tired.

"I wrote a pretty depressing response to this a few minutes ago, and I'd like to add that while I fantasize about killing myself sometimes, I'm not suicidal. I could never make my mother cry.
I'm going to go hide in the warmth and pretend outside doesn't exist for a bit, maybe watch some netflix and de-stress before doing my work for tomorrow. I'll leave you with a bit of an upbeat note - http://theawkwardyeti.com/comic/personal-today/ .
Also I loved reading the edit history of your Facebook status ;) Thank you for doing this."

Exhausted all the time

Eh, could be better. I just feel like my happiness is just going to go down over the next couple weeks

"Exhausted.....

"
Tired, inadequate, hopeless, and bored
Stressed
"Anxious. Worried. Stressed. 

Loved. Warm. 

Freezing cold. 

Able and unable.

Like the physical embodiment of juxtaposition. "

Eh. Pretty good.

In love!!!

I'm leaving next week and I haven't told any of my friends, I'm probably never seeing them again.
So I'm feeling pretty sad

exhausted but excited about life
a bit glum tbh
but hopeful that it'll pass in a couple days"

Sick

depressed as fuck

My life is great right now - but right now, I feel restless and stressed out.

Quite, quite exhausted at life in general ~
anxious but excited aka THINGS ARE HAPPENING I THINK I LIKE THAT AHHHHHH
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=luM6oeCM7Yw

weird. things are just weird. idk. 

I'm kind of sad about wanting someone. I'm not too comfortable with wanting someone this much."

Okay, but my boyfriend didn't text me back or reply to my snapchat asking what I should name my new cactus. Sadness. 

"honestly? pretty sad. all of the time. and the one person I want to talk to I can't talk to anymore for fear of pushing him away even more. but I'm working on it. always.
how are you Caroline? u da bomb"

I'm not okay. I promise.

Not bad ^.^ I feel a little sick, but it's giving me an excuse to spoil myself

A
E
S
T
H
E
T
I
C

"I've been really sad lately. Part of that is because the anniversary of my mom's death is just around the corner, some of it is because a close friend just told me his mom has a brain tumor, and some of it is just stress and relationship troubles. Mostly it's because I feel like things shouldn't be the way they are, and it saddens me to think of how the world would be if she hadn't died.
Mostly though I'm optimistic. I'm surrounded by amazing people who do amazing things, and maybe, if I try hard enough, I can make them so happy that I don't have to be.
The world is a wonderful place. I think the future is looking up."

A bit down and stressed out. But still excited and determined to push through.

I've been better, but life goes on

stressed b/c i have to do hw on my bday

"At the bus stop; pacing 
It helps the cold.
Talking out loud; pacing
People think I'm crazy
Its ok; more space for pacing "

wink wonk

To not do 213 and instead end up playing Skyrim till 6am: awesome. 
