It's too difficult to find a good job! But I will try my best. 

I'll try my best. This week feels like half of the semester. It was tired, but I have reason to expect a better result.

Mom called a week ago. She has cancer. She doesn't want me home for the surgery. Numb, sad, scared, But, also okay for now.
	prayers for your mother
	I've been there. prayers for you <3
	+1 +1 +1 +1 +1 +1 +1 +1 +1

I'm feeling good! Why is that the default answer?

My problem is: I have *excess ego*. I want to find that my true self is selfless.

Hot :(
	what?

Overwhelmed!!!

Awesome!

Tired, but life still needs to continue.

WAY TO NEW LIFE! 

I feel very excited for the future and very nervous at the same time! Things are happening for me right now which is exciting, but I'm scared and just waiting for myself to mess up and everything to be ruined.

I feel good even though I am going through fire and pain! From previous challenges and failures. But guess what! – Am living my imagination.

NO.

I am about to have a one person learning party up in this piece. I'm feeling good.

Over the Christmas break, I proposed to someone I love dearly. She said she needs time to think about it. I've waited for a year to do this. Excited. Hopeful. Without regrets. 
Please pray this works out for me!!!

Good!

Not sure if everything will go to plan, but hopeful nonetheless. Glad to be back. :)
ALSO, YOU'RE REALLY COOL.
Thanks for caring about us, you lovely stranger.

I am very tired now.

Okay, I'm doing better than I was yesterday, which is good. I want to do better tomorrow too. Stay safe everyone!

ENDURANCE + RESILIENCE is what I learned till now!!

How can I be lost when I got nowhere to go – Unforgiven III Metallica. Pretty much sums up my life. What about you?!

7/10

Great!

Good, how are you?

[Charlie Brown yelling "AUGH" here]

IN LOVE!

This assignment is bad. It sucks!

Never better

Since the semester has started, there has been so much to do. Assignments, hackathons, internships. It's very stressful. Yesterday, I analyzed 911 data of NYC. It was pretty cool. I also read about Cinncinnati's blight problems. It was pretty cool. Also, I think I need a boyfriend! Really bored and stressed. Need to take that out sometime. xoxo gossip girl <3

Nah.

I need a job soon!!! :)

Really tired. + boys are kind of xx to deal with

too much

100

poopy pants!

Some typa way

About as ready as a Spongebob on crack

Quiero que me acepten en el PhD and don't want to go back home

Voglio un messagio del mio vicimo di case per dore un seuso a tutto cio. Sto levaudio Troppo!!! {{{there is no way i transcribed this correctly}}}

I've been better. I got rejected from two fellowship ensembles I applied for this week, and have an audition coming up Thursday evening. I'm realizing how much I still need someone to guide/mentor me because I feel like my favorite professor who was this to me and I have kind of drifted apart, and I'm not really sure why, but I still need her :(
Thanks for giving me someone to vent to. I feel alone a lot of the time.

Peachy!

Determined.

I have to poop!
Update: I pooped. Mission Accomplished.

Whoo Hoo! Yeah, baby! Way to go!

The surgery was quick and easy. Mostly: relieved. Next week: lymphectomy biopsy results come back. So... a tempered relief for the time being. Guess it was more of a biopsy along with the lymphectomy, then. My mistake.

It looks like my life is falling apart. I feel overwhelmed and stressed out.

Okay, I'm just visiting from Williams College in MA. I'm trying to get my life together w/ internships. Hopefully not too many sick people touched this pencil. Oh wait I'm sick...

I feel so sad about myself, because I just do not want to do things but play video games. I have my dream – making an anime – and I am takign related course, but I don't want to put efforts. I know it is impossible to achieve anything without doing something. My thoughts and my actions are never agreed :(

Nearly ready for the next step

Vim is the best editor.

same

I am happy. I completed a lot of work I should do :–)

Oggi somo distrutta! 2016.01.30 I feel destroyed

Like it's time to start a new page!

Great! Cause the *Lord* is my strength #CRU

poop.

Indecisive

Optimistic!

Overwhelmed, but positive! Happy day :–) I will work really hard but I am ready!

YOLO Life!!!

Hunt is always LIT!!

Estoy abburido de la vida!

Real good :)

{{cannot read this. AJ says it's in chinese, will get someone else to translate for me}}

Stressed out

I get distracted whoops

Currently in the middle of an all  nighter

Pray for my grandma. She went into hospice

That feeling when you just finish an assignment and you feel so relaxed in comparison to how you felt 30 mins ago it's wonderful

I ask you what the homework is. You give me a racoon. One of these days, I get reborn as an ocelot. You disapprove.
Your disapproval sends ripples across the void that separates life and death.
Somewhere in Phoenix, a dog gets fed steak for the rest of its natural life.

This place has ruined my life. I cannot think. I cannot write. I am inarticulate, and I hate you all.

Tired.

By using my hands.

Better.

frayed and still fragile, but also like I might finally be okay again.

great!

today, i am just fine :)

God is dead

Good

Alone

Okay

"Be strong and courageous. Do not be afraid or terrified because of them, for the LORD your God goes with you; he will never leave you nor forsake you." Deuteronomy 31:6 WIV

Sore due to exercise. HOPE for increasing strength

THUG LIFE!


